Static File PayID (#44)
PayString/rfcs: src/spec/payid-protocol.md

# JSON Format Design
  JSON, as described in [RFC8259][], defines a test format for serializing structured data. Objects are serialized as an unordered collection of name/value pairs. JSON does not define any semantics around the name/value pairs that make up an object. PayID protocol's JSON format defines name/value pairs that annotate a JSON object, property or array for PayID protocol resources.

>   The PayID client MAY request a PayID response in JSON format through the `Accept` header with the media type as defined below, optionally followed by format parameters. One of the optional parameters is the case-insensitive `q` value as described in Section 5.3.1 of [RFC7231][] to indicate relative preference.

Reviewer: We're changing Accept headers from mandatory to optional, to support AWS S3 PayIDs.

  Each message body is represented as a single JSON object. This object contains a name/value pair whose value is the correct representation for a primitive value as described in [RFC8259][], or an array or object as described in the section below.

>   If the PayID server does not support JSON format, it SHOULD reply with an appropriate error response.

Reviewer: Maybe I shouldn't change this one, but I thought PayID servers were required to support JSON payloads, so I don't even know how you could end up in this situation.

      {
       optional string payId,

>        required string version,

Reviewer: Add the `version` key to make the diff between this and PayID 2.0 smaller.

       required Address[] addresses,
       optional string memo,
       optional string identity,

>        optional ProofOfControlSignature proofOfControlSignature

Reviewer: We have the V. PayID RFC and Self-Sovereign RFCs, so I don't think these need to be in the Base PayID RFC.

   The `memo` string is an OPTIONAL field in the response.

## Meaning of Media Type application/* + json
  `*` may represent different payment-networks and environments. In this document, we propose standards with the media types specific to XRP, ILP, and ACH payment networks. We also propose media types that return all addresses across all payment networks. Other payment networks MUST establish standard media types for their networks at IANA.

  * Accept: application/json

>   Returns all payment account(s) information corresponding to the requested PayID URI

Reviewer: Add `application/json` as a valid Content-Type response for PayID.

### Header Content-Length
  As defined in [RFC7230][], a request or response SHOULD include a `Content-Length` header when the message's length can be determined prior to being transferred. PayID protocol does not add any additional requirements over HTTP for writing Content-Length.

### Header PayID-Version

>   The PayID client MAY include the PayID version request header field to specify the version of the PayID protocol used to generate the request.

Reviewer: Again, make this optional instead of mandatory to support S3 PayIDs.

>   If present on a request, the PayID server SHOULD interpret the request according to the rules defined in the specified version of the PayID protocol or fail the request with an appropriate error response code.

Reviewer 2: `If present on a request, the PayID server SHOULD parse the PayID-Version header to interpret the request. If it does, PayID server MUST interpret the request according to the rules defined in the specified version of the PayID protocol or fail the request with an appropriate error response code.`

## Request Headers
  In addition to common Headers, the PayID client MAY specify the following request header.

### Header Accept
  The PayID client MAY specify the `Accept` request header field with at least one of the registered media types (Section X). The purpose of this header is to indicate what type of content can be understood in the response. It specifies the `paymentNetwork` and `environment` of the payment account and its representation format for which the PayID client wants to receive information. The representation format is always JSON.

  The PayID server MAY reject formats that specify unknown or unsupported format parameters.

## Response Headers
  In addition to the Common Headers, the PayID server SHOULD specify the following response header.

### Header Cache-Control
  The PayID server SHOULD include the `Cache-Control` header, to indicate how the PayID server operator wants PayID responses to be cached.

###  Header Access-Control-Allow-Origin

>   The PayID server MUST include a `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *` header, allowing all origins to make cross-origin requests to resolve PayIDs.

Reviewer: @sappenin thinks CORS headers should be a SHOULD, not a MUST, but it seems reasonable to require it to allow PayIDs to be accessible from the browser.

Reviewer 3: Agreed - I lean towards `SHOULD` but am not unhappy with `MUST`.

# Extensibility

## Payload Extensibility
  PayID protocol supports extensibility in the payload, according to the specific format.

  Regardless of the format, additional content MUST NOT be present if it needs to be understood by the receiver in order to correctly interpret the payload according to the specified PayID Version. Thus, clients MUST be prepared to handle or safely ignore any content not specifically defined in the version of the payload specified by the PayID Version.

## Header Field Extensibility
  The PayID protocol defines semantics around certain HTTP request and response headers. Services that support a version of the PayID protocol conform to the processing requirements for the headers defined by this specification for that version.

>   Individual services MUST NOT define custom headers, as custom headers complicate Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) requests.

Reviewer: I changed this paragraph a bit, let me know if the reasoning makes sense.

Reviewer 3: I think I prefer the original wording (or something closer to it) because I think we should guide implementers towards `SHOULD` behavior for broadest compatibility -- but if someone wants to define a custom header and make it mandatory, _and_ they don't care if certain clients break, then maybe that's fine for their use-case?

What about a middle ground between the original and new wording, like this:

```
Individual services SHOULD not define custom headers because custom headers complicate 
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) requests and could impede broad interoperability. 
However, if an individual service defines custom headers, these headers MUST NOT begin
 with PayID, and SHOULD be optional when making requests to the service. A service 
MUST NOT require the PayID client to understand custom headers to accurately interpret 
the response.
```

Reviewer 2: ```
Individual services SHOULD NOT define custom headers because custom headers complicate 
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) requests and could impede broad interoperability. 
However, if an individual service defines custom headers, these headers MUST NOT begin
 with PayID, and SHOULD be optional when making requests to the service. A service 
MUST NOT require the PayID client to understand custom headers to accurately interpret 
the response.
```

Could you explain more/give example on how custom headers complicate CORS?

## Step 2: Payment Account Information Response
  In response, the PayID server returns a JSON object representation of a payment account(s) information resource for the payment-network and environment requested by the PayID client in the request `Accept` header field, along with other required and/or optional metadata.

>   A PayID server MUST be able to process the `application/json` and `application/payid+json` header type.

Reviewer 2: What is the difference between these two?

  If the PayID server does not contain the payment account information corresponding to the request, the PayID server SHOULD respond with an appropriate error message.

> 

Reviewer 2: What is the motivation for a "SHOULD"  here?

  In this case, the PayID server MUST respond with the payment account information corresponding to at least one of the `[paymenNnetwork, environment]` tuples mentioned in the `Accept` header in the order of PayID client's preference. If none of those exist, then the PayID server MUST respond with payment account(s) information corresponding to all payment accounts associated with the queried PayID URI.

# Versioning
 Versioning enables clients and servers to evolve independently. PayID protocol defines semantics for protocol versioning.

 PayID requests and responses are versioned according to the PayID-Version header, as well as the `version` key in the PayID response.

>  PayID clients include the PayID-Version header in order to specify the maximum acceptable response version. PayID servers SHOULD respond with the maximum supported version that is less than or equal to the requested `major`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 PayID client requests SHOULD include the PayID-Version in any requests order to specify the maximum acceptable response version. PayID servers SHOULD respond with the maximum supported version that is less than or equal to the requested `major` version.
```

Reviewer 2: IMO, PayID-Version header should be optional (MAY) and not a recommendation (SHOULD).

## Information Integrity
  The HTTPS connection provides transport security for the interaction between PayID client and server but does not provide the response integrity of the data provided by PayID server. A PayID client has no way of knowing if data provided in the payment account information resource has been manipulated at the PayID server, either due to malicious behavior on the part of the PayID server administrator or as a result of being compromised by an attacker. As with any information service available on the Internet, PayID clients should be wary of the information received from untrusted sources.

> # Privacy Considerations (Best Practices)

Reviewer 3: Should this primary title be `Best Practices` with `Privacy Considerations` being a secondary heading?

In other words, could `Privacy Considerations`, `Access Control`, `Payment Address Rotation` etc all be grouped into "Best Practices"?

  The PayID client and server should be aware that placing information on the Internet means that any one can access that information. While PayID protocol is an extremely useful tool to discovering payment account(s) information corresponding to a human-rememberable PayID URI, PayID owners should also understand the associated privacy risks. The easy access to payment account information via PayID protocol was a design goal of the protocol, not a limitation.

## Access Control

>   PayID protocol SHOULD NOT be used to provide payment account(s) information corresponding to a PayID URI unless providing that data via PayID protocol by the relevant PayID server was explicitly authorized by the PayID owner. If a PayID owner wishes to limit access to information, PayID servers MAY provide an interface by which PayID owners can select which information is exposed through the PayID server interface. For example, PayID servers MAY allow PayID owners to mark certain data as `public` and then utilize that marking as a means of determining what information to expose via PayID protocol. The PayID servers MAY also allow PayID owners to provide a whitelist of users who are authorized to access the specific information. In such a case, the PayID server MUST authenticate the PayID client.

Reviewer 2: Why is this a "SHOULD NOT"? It must be "MUST NOT" always.
